gh-94018: Remove trailing spaces in _sanitize_windows_name (#94040)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Windows/2022-06-20-22-32-14.gh-issue-94018.bycC3A.rst

> Remove trailing spaces in :func:`zipfile._sanitize_windows_name`

Reviewer: `_sanitize_windows_name` is not a public or documented function, so it should not be mentioned here.

```suggestion
:mod:`zipfile` will now remove trailing spaces from path components on extraction.
```

> Remove trailing spaces in :func:`Lib.zipfile._sanitize_windows_name`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Remove trailing spaces in :func:`zipfile._sanitize_windows_name`
```

> :mod:`zipfile` will now remove trailing spaces from path components on extraction.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
:mod:`zipfile` will now remove trailing spaces from path components when extracting files on Windows.
```
